You mean Nalan Longsong?
How do you know?
Brother Cheng
There you are. I'd like to introduce you. This is sir
I didn't expect it.
The person Jingyao wanted to meet today turned out to be you
you
I've known each other for a long time
Jingyao, if you had told me earlier today
It's Mr. Lin who wants to meet
I kind of pushed the meeting with the Governor
I have to come as soon as possible
How do I know this?
It turns out that you have long known Lin Fan and are very familiar with him
I didn't expect it.
The first strange woman in Zhongzhou
With the first investment genius in Zhongzhou
Private education is very good
And so forth.
How did you know that I am familiar with Changde perfume?
Jin Yao, isn't that what you told him?
I just said to introduce him to someone
Didn't say who it was
He guessed it was you
And then you arrive
This Lin Fan
It's getting deeper and deeper.
Such a good eye
With Mr. Lin as your backing
Your Zhang family will surely soar to the sky
immeasurable
Mr. Lin, it just so happens that I have something urgent to discuss with you.
There is news on it.